Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we're moving into a new section now and this section is all about numbers in pite.
So as you can see here I've moved into my ruby Id sort of Ruby interactive interpreter.
And the reason I've done that is because we want instant feedback.
I'm going to show you how to work with numbers in Python.
So we're going to be adding subtracting what the playing.
And we just want instant feedback.
So we're going to look here.
So when it comes to programming numbers are everywhere.
Video games charts and graphs information stored analytics on and on.
Numbers are absolutely everywhere and even in today's world I'm sure you've seen that numbers are even
more important when it comes to big data big storage and things like that.
So it really is valuable to get a good foothold in numbers in your programming language.
So let's take a look at some quick examples.
So pop open the interactive interpreter and try to following two plus two for straight away.
Very simple.
So what we just did was add two integer numbers and integers are whole numbers.
Let's try another example.
Five minus three.
So.
Try to perfect.
And another example three times tree 9.
Everything working as we expect.
So now let's divide two numbers.
So let's divide 6 by two and I'm leaving space in here between the characters.
Just for clarity but you don't have to do that at so Six divided by two is three.
Now what about exponents.
So in Python exponents are represented by two multiplication symbols.
So we have three sorry three exponent three twenty 27 over two five three thousand one hundred twenty
five.
Simple.
And then as we get into a little bit more complicated little more structured number sequences.
What about the order of operations.
Well pite and supports those as well.
So if we look at this example two plus
three multiplied by four.
And as I said you don't have to leave spaces between your number symbols.
There you go 14.
You can now use brackets to modify the order of operations.
So let's have a look at dice.
And here we go 20.
So that's a very brief introduction into the numbering system an order of operations with implied in
the next letter.
We'll look at floats and what our floats would imply.
Thank you and I look forward to seeing it in the next lecture.